---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opslevel_component_type Data Source - terraform-provider-opslevel"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Component Type Definition Resource
---

# opslevel_component_type (Data Source)

Component Type Definition Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "opslevel_component_type" "example" {
  identifier = "example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) The identifier (id or alias) of the component type to lookup.

### Read-Only

- `alias` (String) The unique alias of the component type.
- `description` (String) The description of the component type.
- `icon` (Attributes) The icon associated with the component type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--icon))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) The unique name of the component type.
- `owner_relationship` (Attributes) The owner relationship configuration for this component type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner_relationship))
- `properties` (Attributes Map) The properties of this component type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--properties))

<a id="nestedatt--icon"></a>
### Nested Schema for `icon`

Read-Only:

- `color` (String) The color, represented as a hexcode, for the icon.
- `name` (String) The name of the icon in Phosphor icons for Vue, e.g. `PhBird`. See https://phosphoricons.com/ for a full list.


<a id="nestedatt--owner_relationship"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner_relationship`

Read-Only:

- `management_rules` (Attributes List) Rules that automatically manage relationships based on property matching conditions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner_relationship--management_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--owner_relationship--management_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner_relationship.management_rules`

Read-Only:

- `operator` (String) The condition operator for this rule.
- `source_property` (String) The property on the source component to evaluate.
- `source_tag_key` (String) When source_property is 'tag', this specifies the tag key to match.
- `source_tag_operation` (String) When source_property is 'tag', this specifies the matching operation.
- `target_category` (String) The category of the target resource.
- `target_property` (String) The property on the target resource to match against.
- `target_tag_key` (String) When target_property is 'tag', this specifies the tag key to match.
- `target_tag_operation` (String) When target_property is 'tag', this specifies the matching operation.
- `target_type` (String) The type of the target resource.



<a id="nestedatt--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_in_config_files` (Boolean) Whether or not the property is allowed to be set in opslevel.yml config files.
- `description` (String) The description of the property definition.
- `display_status` (String) The display status of the property.
- `locked_status` (String) Restricts what sources are able to assign values to this property.
- `name` (String) The name of the property definition.
- `schema` (String) The schema of the property.


