---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opslevel_service Data Source - terraform-provider-opslevel"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Service data source
---

# opslevel_service (Data Source)

Service data source

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "opslevel_service" "foo" {
  alias = "foo"
}

data "opslevel_service" "bar" {
  id = "Z2lkOi8vb3BzbGV2ZWwvU2VydmljZS84Njcw"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `alias` (String) An alias of the service to find by.
- `id` (String) The id of the service to find

### Read-Only

- `aliases` (List of String) The aliases of the service.
- `api_document_path` (String) The relative path from which to fetch the API document. If null, the API document is fetched from the account's default path.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the service.
- `framework` (String) The primary software development framework that the service uses.
- `language` (String) The primary programming language that the service is written in.
- `lifecycle_alias` (String) The lifecycle stage of the service.
- `name` (String) The display name of the service.
- `owner` (String) The team that owns the service.
- `owner_id` (String) The team ID that owns the service.
- `preferred_api_document_source` (String) The API document source (PUSH or PULL) used to determine the displayed document. If null, we use the order push and then pull.
- `product` (String) A product is an application that your end user interacts with. Multiple services can work together to power a single product.
- `properties` (Attributes List) Custom properties assigned to this service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--properties))
- `repositories` (List of String) List of repositories connected to the service.
- `tags` (List of String) A list of tags applied to the service.
- `tier_alias` (String) The software tier that the service belongs to.

<a id="nestedatt--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties`

Read-Only:

- `definition` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--properties--definition))
- `value` (String) The value of the custom property.

<a id="nestedatt--properties--definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties.definition`

Read-Only:

- `aliases` (List of String) A list of human-friendly, unique identifiers of the property definition.
- `id` (String) The id of the property definition.


