---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opslevel_teams Data Source - terraform-provider-opslevel"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  List of all Team data sources
---

# opslevel_teams (Data Source)

List of all Team data sources

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "opslevel_teams" "all" {}

output "all" {
  value = data.opslevel_teams.all.teams
}

output "team_names" {
  value = sort(data.opslevel_teams.all.teams[*].name)
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `teams` (Attributes List) List of team data sources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--teams))

<a id="nestedatt--teams"></a>
### Nested Schema for `teams`

Read-Only:

- `alias` (String) The alias attached to the Team.
- `contacts` (Attributes List) The contacts for the team. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--teams--contacts))
- `id` (String) The ID of this Team.
- `members` (Attributes List) List of team members on the team with email address and role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--teams--members))
- `name` (String) The name of the Team.
- `parent_alias` (String) The alias of the parent team.
- `parent_id` (String) The id of the parent team.

<a id="nestedatt--teams--contacts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `teams.contacts`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The contact address. Examples: 'support@company.com' for type email, 'https://opslevel.com' for type web.
- `display_name` (String) The name shown in the UI for the contact.
- `display_type` (String) The type shown in the UI for the contact.
- `external_id` (String) The remote identifier of the contact method.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the contact.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates if this address is a team's default for the given type.
- `type` (String) The method of contact. One of [`email`, `github`, `microsoft_teams`, `slack`, `slack_handle`, `web`].


<a id="nestedatt--teams--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `teams.members`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) The email address of the team member.
- `role` (String) The role of the team member.


