---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opslevel_integration_google_cloud Resource - terraform-provider-opslevel"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Google Cloud Integration resource
---

# opslevel_integration_google_cloud (Resource)

Google Cloud Integration resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "opslevel_integration_google_cloud" "dev" {
  client_email            = "hello-world-tf@powerful-surf-427415-v1.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
  name                    = "GCP Dev Integration"
  ownership_tag_keys      = ["opslevel_team", "team", "owner"]
  ownership_tag_overrides = true
  private_key             = <<EOH
-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----
<private key body here>
-----END PRIVATE KEY-----
EOH
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_email` (String) The service account email OpsLevel uses to access the Google Cloud account.
- `name` (String) The name of the integration.
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) The private key for the service account that OpsLevel uses to access the Google Cloud account.

### Optional

- `ownership_tag_keys` (List of String) An Array of tag keys used to associate ownership from an integration. Max 5 (default = ["owner"])
- `ownership_tag_overrides` (Boolean) Allow tags imported from Google Cloud to override ownership set in OpsLevel directly. (default = true)

### Read-Only

- `aliases` (List of String) All of the aliases attached to the integration.
- `created_at` (String) The time this integration was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of the integration.
- `installed_at` (String) The time that this integration was successfully installed, if null, this indicates the integration was not completely installed.
- `projects` (List of Object) A list of the Google Cloud projects that were imported by the integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--projects))

<a id="nestedatt--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `projects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `url` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import opslevel_integration_google_cloud.example Z2lkOi8vb3BzbGV2ZWwvU2VydmljZS82MDI0
```
